---
---
Redovisning kmom01
=========================
- Gör din egen kunskapsinventering baserat på PHP The Right Way, berätta om dina styrkor och svagheter som du vill förstärka under kursen och det kommande året.

I have not much experiences of php coding before and especially oophp and framework. I have not read through all the parts of PHP The Right Way, but when I need help, I will go to php.net to find right information. I would like to learn deeper of framework and  what are the strong parts of different frameworks.

- Vilket blev resultatet från din mini-undersökning om vilka ramverk som för närvarande är mest populära inom PHP (ange källa var du fann informationen)?
They are top 3:
1. Laravel
2. Symfony2
3. CodeIgniter

The source is [10-basta-php-ramverk-for-webbutvecklare.](https://beeblebrox.org/artiklar-och-mer/10-basta-php-ramverk-for-webbutvecklare/)

- Berätta om din syn/erfarenhet generellt kring communities och specifikt communities inom opensource och programmeringsdomänen.

Open source usually is very good and will develop gradually. And smaller companies or sole programmers can use the frameworks or code for free. It helps companies to grow and expand their services and more. I have downloaded PhpMailer module from github for my previous project which works good.

- Vad tror du om begreppet “en ramverkslös värld” som framfördes i videon?

Michael cullum is talking not much about frameworkless world. But I think he means one should make the fastest and most concise framework.

Rasmus Lerdorf, the PHP creator, was invited to give a talk in PHP Frameworks Day conference.Rasmus gave a straight answer: "They (PHP frameworks) All suck!"

1. Frameworks Execute The Same Code Repeatedly Without Need
2. Frameworks Require Too Many Interdependent Classes
3. Needlessly Complicated Solutions
4. Duplicating the Web Server Functionality

So, are there any frameworks that don't suck? Rasmus did mention that he liked CodeIgniter because it is faster, lighter and 【the least like】 a framework.

- Hur gick det att komma igång med din redovisa-sida?

This is not so hard as we have done this in oophp.

- Några funderingar kring arbetet med din kontroller?

I have to review my learned knowledge from oophp and how to do the test.
I have a controller named IpValidatorController, which mixes the get method with static page in the indexAction() method. So only 56% is tested because it could not test request.get in di. I do not know what is restful api exactly. There is a controller called anax/Ip/Ip, in this controller, there is a function  getIp(string $ipAdd) : array, which returns the json format of an array:
`{
    "ip": "194.47.150.9",
    "hostname": "dbwebb.se",
    "type": "IPv4",
    "valid": "True"
} `

- Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I try to review all the knowledges I have learned from oophp and design and htmlphp. Learning rest api but have not really got it.
We have used a data api in webapp course, but we have not written codes like rest api before but how to use it in JS or with Postman.
