---
---
Redovisning kmom03
=========================

- Hur känns det att jobba med begreppen kring $di?

I have read through the source code of $di and understand only half.

- Ge din egna korta förklaring, ett kort stycke, om dependency injection, service locator och lazy loading. Berätta gärna vilka källor du använde för att lära dig om begreppen.

Dependency injection is to achieve separation of concerns of construction and use of objects. This can increase readability and code reuse. Dependency injection is one form of the broader technique of inversion of control. Lazy loading is one of the advantage of DI and DI is like a service locator.

The source is [wikipedia.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection)

- Berätta hur andra ramverk (minst 2) använder sig av koncept som liknar $di. Liknar det “vårt” sätt?

They are very alike with Anax framework.

Laravel: The Laravel service container is a powerful tool for managing class dependencies and performing dependency injection. Class dependencies are "injected" into the class via the constructor or, in some cases, "setter" methods. The Laravel inversion of control container is a powerful tool for managing class dependencies. Dependency injection is a method of removing hard-coded class dependencies. Instead, the dependencies are injected at run-time, allowing for greater flexibility as dependency implementations may be swapped easily.

Symfony: The Symfony DependencyInjection component provides a standard way to instantiate objects and handle dependency management. The heart of the DependencyInjection component is a container which holds all the available services in the application. During the bootstrapping phase, all services are registered into the container. At a later stage, the container is responsible for creating services as required. More importantly, the container is also responsible for creating and injecting dependencies of the services.

- Berätta lite om hur du löste uppgiften, till exempel vilka klasser du gjorde, om du gjorde refaktoring på äldre klasser och vad du valde att lägga i $di.

I have two controller classes and three module classes and one view.

1. The module class named OpenWeather that fetch data from openweathermap onecall is injected into $di as a service.

2. The module class named IpGeoWeather that fetch data from ipstack Api is injected into $di as a service, this is refactor of kmom02 IpGeo, I put the key under the config.

3. The module class NameToGeo that fetch data from [nominatim](https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org) and return the Geo Location, this one is not injected in $di.

4. The controller class WeatherController has a indexActionGet() which has forms which takes in ip or placename and show the forecast and history and a map together with view file(weather.php).

5. The controller class WeatherApiController has a indexActionPost() which has forms which takes in ip or placename return the json format data.

- Har du någon reflektion kring hur det är att jobba med externa tjänster (ipvalidering, kartor, väder)?

It is not so bad compared to framework itself. I have postman and it is easy to test if the commands are working.

- Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I feel I am getting better in this kmom and understand more what is REST Api and how to get the unittest working within framework.
