---
---
Redovisning kmom04
=========================
- Hur gick arbetet med att lyfta ut koden ur redovisa-sidan och placera i en egen modul, några svårigheter, utmaningar eller annat värt att nämna?

I have problems with what kind of config files needed for the new module dir. First I met the problem:
unable to make install, then I copy the Makefile, after this it works. Second when I am doing the unittest, I could not find the page and view service. It was the page.php and view.php which should be under test/config/ that are missing.
After that I commit and push to the github. Then I installed weather module to a new dir(a) which is created by
`
anax create a ramverk1-me-v2
`
to test. I make this module working in a/  , then I updated the readme in the module and commit to the github.
So everything is done.

- Gick det bra att publicera på Packagist och ta emot uppdateringar från GitHub?

This is not so hard. Just follow the guide and connect the Packagist and github accounts then it works well.

- Fungerade det smidigt att åter installera modulen i din redovisa-sida med composer, kunde du följa din egen installationsmanual?

I can follow the readme file and install the new module to the redovisa-sida with composer.

- Hur väl lyckas du enhetstesta din modul och hur mycket kodtäckning fick du med?

I modified parts of setUp() method to match the config files for testing in the module.
It is almost 100% code coverage.

- Några reflektioner över skillnaden med och utan modul?

Kmom03 has the enviroment of framework so the new module needs those dependencies.

- Vilket ramverk undersökte du och hur hanterar det ramverket paketering, moduler och versionshantering?

I chosed Laravel, Laravel uses composer and follow semantic versioning on their packages. However, I did not find much about modules.

- Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I have learned how to use Packagist and how to create a module for anax framework.
