---
---
Redovisning kmom05
=========================
- Berätta om arbetet med din CI-kedja, vilka verktyg valde du och hur gick det att integrera med dem?

I have chosen Travis, CircleCI, Scrutinizer and Codacy. I met xdebug error with Travis and I checked the discord messages
and found someone has given the solution. I could not make CircleCI green because of the config file, then I changed the docker image to anax/dev. After this everything is working as is should be. Scrutinizer also has a problem in the config file with nodes
tests-and-coverage because of the the version php. I add the below under tests-and-coverage:
```
environment:
    php:
        version: '7.4'
```    
Then it passed the test.
Also I have Codacy installed in github.

- Vilken extern tjänst uppskattade du mest, eller har du förslag på ytterligare externa tjänster att använda?

I think scrutinizer is the best. Codacy has checked out so many issues and I think it is not so accurate. It
analyzed if statement and recommended not to have else branch but I doublechecked the code and found it is impossible
to ignore the else branch in WeatherApiController.php, line 64.

- Vilken kodkvalitet säger verktygen i din CI-kedja att du har, håller du med?

Scrutinizer has 9.64 and coverage is 98%. I think it is quite right.

- Gjorde du några förbättringar på din modul i detta kmom, isåfall vad?

I tried to modify some of the recommendations but not all, such as line breaks.

- Vilket ramverk undersökte du och hur hanterar det ramverket sin CI-kedja, vilka verktyg används?

Laravel has used Travis, Symphonys has no CI tools, Phalcon has their own CI tools and travis while Yii
is using Scrutinizer. So it is hard to say which one is most popular.

- Fann du någon nivå på kodtäckning och kodkvalitet för ramverket och dess moduler?

Anax framework has many repos and I have checked some of them. Most of them have Travis, CircleCI and Scrutinizer.
They have different results, such as anax/router has 6.42 code quality and 97% for coverage and anax/database has 10
and 56% for coverage.

- Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I have learned how to integrate automation tests tools for PHP.
