---
---
Redovisning kmom06
=========================

- Hur är din syn på modulen anax/htmlform och det koncept som modulen försöker lösa?

Anax/HTMLForm is a module which hides the form generation and form submit behind. It is to build html forms using classes, arrays and methods within anax frameworks.

- Kan du hitta liknande lösningar när du tittar på andra ramverk?

I found that laravel has Forms & HTML components (laravelcollective/html) which is similar to anax/htmlform.

- Berätta om din syn på Active record och liknande upplägg, ser du fördelar och nackdelar?

I think it makes things more complicated and how to deal with a very big database which has hundreds of
tables, how to deal with tables which has connections with with each other(such as one order has many products and many products can belong to many customers). It will increase lots of extra work and it will make it harder to do unitest without a database.

- När du undersökte andra ramverk, fann du motsvarigheter till Active Record och hur såg de ut?

What Laravel is using equivalent to Active Record is called Eloquent ORM. Each database table has a corresponding "Model" which is used to interact with that table. Models allow you to query for data in your tables, as well as insert new records into the table. This model, similar to Active Record, allows the user to Create, update and delete data.

While Symphony's equivalent is called Doctrine ORM, it also uses object-relational folders (ORMs),, and Database Abstraction Layer (DBAL).

- Vad tror du om begreppet scaffolding, ser du för- och nackdelar med konceptet?

The advantage of this, which I have experienced, is that it is quick to integrate the code. I have not worked with scaffolding with modules before and I realize it is quite easy to use anax create. The only downside I come to is when you want to change the code you have to learn the structure etc. in what you scaffolded.

- Hittade du motsvarighet till scaffolding i andra ramverk du tittade på?

Laravel supports JavaScript & CSS Scaffolding for frontend. I found many scaffolding for laraval in github repo.

- Hur kan man jobba med enhetstestning när man scaffoldat fram en CRUD likt Book, vill du utvecklar några tankar kring det?

I think that there maybe some ready-made tests that comes with the scaffolding so that they could be modified to fit the local enviroments. It will surely do everything faster when it comes to testing. I feel very hard with unittests.

- Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I have learned how to use scaffolding in Anax. Also I have learned how to use Anax active record with a simple table.
