---
---
Redovisning kmom10
=========================
## Requirements 1, 2, 3

There are home, post, tags, user and about pages in the websites. One can view posts and tags but one need to login to vote and write posts and comments and etc. On the website one can use markdown to write posts, answers, comments. Here I chose to use a package called Michelf\Markdown which we have used from previous courses. I use less for css style. Question is the same as post.

On the home page, it shows the latest posts and tags with ascending name and active users. It has a button to the top right
named "Ask Question" which is convenient for the user. One has to login to ask a question.
The overview of the posts shows how many answers a post has, and votes(rank) the post has and title and content,
when it is asked and by whom.

For the user page, it provides login, logout and shows the status of oneself when the user login. On the status page for the user, it shows the activity that is linked to the user such as username, reputation, gravatar according to the email, posts, answers(also showed if it is accepted) and comments.

The posts page is the most complicated one. It shows all the posts with sorting by date and votes.
Each post has the same format as the home page: how many answers, how many votes(rank), title and content,
when it is asked and by whom. It has a button to the top right named "Ask Question" as well which is convenient for the user.  When one click to one specific post, till example, post_id=1, so it will shows all the activities relating to this post, such as comments to this post, answers to this post, comments to the answers recursively. The answers can be sorted by dates and votes. One can uppvote and downvote posts and answers.

The tags page shows all the tags and when one click on one of them and it leads to a page that shows all posts including this tag.


## Requirement 4

The owner of the question(post) can accept the answer. The accept buttons will only be showed when the user is the owner of the question(post). Once the answer is accepted, it will be seen as the first answer following by the post then the rest of answers. The other users can see this answer has a green check which means accepted.

Each answer, question and comment can be voted by users with +1 (up-vote) or -1 (down-vote), the sum of a question / answer / comment rank is a rating of how "good" it was. I made two tables, post_votes and comment_votes, to record all the activities done by all the users and calculate how many votes after retrieving the data from the database.

The answers to a question can be sorted and displayed either by date, or number of votes.

I have chosen to be able to sort, default, which means that what is marked as an "acceptable answer" ends up at the top and the top voted the comments. I have also chosen to include that you could sort by latest / oldest and by upvotes and downvotes.


## Requirement 5

The points system is based on user activity. The following can give points:
| Activity | Point |
|------|-------------|
| Write one question | 3 |
| Write one answer  | 3 |
| Write one comment| 1 |
| One Accepted answer| 100|

The user'page shows an overiew about all activities that the user has done, ie questions, answers, comments and what reputation the user has. The reputation is summarized of written question, answer, comment according to the table above.

## Summary

First I have done the project with lots of views to make it easier for the controllers but it does not work in the student server. And pops up "Prepared statement needs to be re-prepared". I tried to modify the parameter, but it does not help.
```
\PDO::ATTR_EMULATE_PREPARES => true
```

Finally I changed the code in the PHP to avoid using views in the database but then it has lots of code which dealing with the databases in the PHP view files. A good lesson for me: one should try to upload the project to test student server as early as possible.
